{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 ProximaNova-Light;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AGaramondPro-Regular;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 AGaramondPro-Semibold;
\f6\ftech\fcharset0 Wingdings-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green20\blue19;\red0\green0\blue0;\red60\green61\blue60;
\red165\green166\blue165;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cscmyk\c0\c0\c0\c100000;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;\cscmyk\c0\c0\c0\c80000;
\cscmyk\c0\c0\c0\c30000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33800\viewh21580\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs50 \cf2 CHAPTER 1\

\f1\fs32 THE SHAKING & THE VISION\

\f2\b0\fs28 Are You Ready for What\'92s Coming?\
\

\f3\fs25 In the summer of 1970, I stood on the cliffs overlooking a small beach in Costa Mesa, California, a young Jewish filmmaker with a camera on my shoulder. I\'92d been asked to produce a documentary on what was happening below\'97thousands of hippies singing Jesus songs, getting baptized in the Pacific Ocean at Pirates Cove. Just another assignment, I thought. Just another California oddity I was looking to capture on film. As I watched through my lens, something unexpected happened. The scene below wasn\'92t just religious theater. These young people\'97long-haired, barefoot, many still bearing the marks of hard living\'97were rejoicing, and profoundly real. They waded into the waves, singing, weeping, and embracing one another as they were baptized. Some had to be carried out of the water, so overcome were they by what they\'92d experienced.\
\
I was witnessing God\'92s answer to a lost generation that had been shaken to its core. Vietnam had torn the nation apart. Cities burned with racial unrest\'97nationally beloved leaders were assassinated, and once respected institutions crumbled. Young people who\'92d grown up in prosperity found themselves adrift in a sea of LSD and other drugs, the \'93free love\'94 movement, all
\f1\fs22  
\f3\fs25 ending up in existential despair. Everything their parents had built around them seemed to be collapsing.\
\
\cf3 But here, at the Pacific \cf2 Coast\cf3 , \cf2 Heaven\cf3  was responding to \cf2 Earth\'92s \cf3 groaning.\
\
That day on the cliffs, I was deeply challenged, marking the beginning of a \cf2 lifelong\cf3  journey\'97a journey that would lead me to encounter Jesus as my Messiah and where I would come to understand the generational patterns that brought us to that point.\
\
That pursuit would take me five decades to grasp fully\'97a divine\
cycle that pulses through history. When human structures fail\
catastrophically, when society reaches a breaking point, when\
people cry out in desperation, God begins to move. He always\
has. He always will.\
Now, in the later years of my life, I\'92m watching it unfold once\
again.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 The Evidence of Another Great Shaking\

\f3\b0\fs25 As I write these words in early 2025, the evidence of another great\
shaking surrounds us. We stand in the midst of unprecedented\
collapse across every sphere of society\'97cultural, spiritual,\
economic, and governmental structures that once seemed\
permanent are crumbling before our eyes.\
Our political landscape has fractured beyond recognition.\
Tribal divisions make common-sense governance nearly\
impossible. Leaders are chosen not for wisdom but for their\
ability to inflame their base. Justice has become selective,\
applied differently depending on political allegiance or moral\
view.\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 5
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 THE SHAKING & THE VISION\

\f5\b\fs25 It\'92s hard to believe this is the same nation many of us grew up in.\

\f3\b0 Universities\'97once bastions of free thought and truth-\
seeking\'97have become ideological battlegrounds. Biblical\
worldviews are not merely challenged but openly mocked.\
Students are taught what to think, not how to think. Financial\
markets soar and crash in almost weekly occurrences, and\
entire nations teeter on the edge of default. The system, once\
built on trust, now runs on fear and speculation.\
The shaking isn\'92t just national, it\'92s global. The world order\
established after World War II is unraveling. Old alliances\
fracture while new threats emerge. From Ukraine to the Middle\
East, from Taiwan to the South China Sea, regional conflicts\
threaten to ignite wider wars. Nations once considered pillars\
of stability now tremble from within.\
The ground beneath us is no longer steady. We feel it shifting.\
It\'92s like standing on sinking sand.\

\f5\b The moral foundations are crumbling at breathtaking speed.\

\f3\b0 What was unthinkable a generation ago is now mandated.\
What was sacred is now scorned. What protected children now\
preys upon them.\
In our schools, innocence is under assault. Children are\
sexualized through curriculum that would have been\
considered pornographic just years ago. Kindergarteners learn\
about gender fluidity. Middle schoolers are taught to question\
their biology. Parents who object are labeled bigots.\
On our streets, lawlessness reigns. Violent crime surges while\
prosecutors refuse to prosecute. Shoplifters walk free while\
shop owners go bankrupt. The elderly are offered death instead\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 6
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 UNSHAKABLE\

\f3\fs25 of care\'97euthanasia marketed as dignity. Life itself has become\
negotiable, disposable, a matter of convenience.\
In our homes, the family\'97God\'92s first institution\'97lies in ruins.\
Marriage has been redefined, then discarded altogether. Children\
grow up without fathers. The birth rate plummets as self becomes\
the only altar we worship at. So many have forsaken the blessing\
of children in pursuit of personal freedom.\
According to researcher Dr. George Barna, two-thirds of adults\
in America now reject absolute moral truth.
\fs14\fsmilli7288 1
\fs25  When truth\
becomes relative, everything becomes permissible. When God\'92s\
standards are abandoned, man\'92s depravity knows no bounds.\
\cf3 Ancient hatreds have returned with modern vengeance.\
Antisemitism spreads from college campuses to city streets.\
Synagogues require armed guards. Jewish students hide their\
identity. The hatred many thought buried has risen from its\
grave, more brazen than ever.\
We haven\'92t just lost our way\'97we\'92ve inverted our values. We\
call evil good and good evil. We celebrate what God condemns\
and condemn what God celebrates. We protect predators and\
persecute protectors.\
\cf2 Meanwhile, the Church in the West is shrinking and retreating.
\fs14\fsmilli7288 2\

\fs25 Congregations that once numbered in the thousands now\
struggle to fill a few pews.
\fs14\fsmilli7288 3
\fs25 \cf3  Young people flee organized religion,\
seeking spirituality without submission, experience without\
truth. Christian influence in public life is not just waning\'97it\'92s\
openly scorned and systematically removed.\

\b \cf2 Yes, God is still moving\'97but not at the scale or speed we\
desperately need.
\b0  We all know of dynamic churches, ministries,\
and individuals who are making a real impact\'97winning people\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 7
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 THE SHAKING & THE VISION\

\f3\fs25 to Christ, discipling the next generation, and standing boldly for\
truth. These are bright lights in the darkness, and we thank God\
for them. But the statistics speak for themselves. Despite these\
faithful efforts, we are losing the larger cultural war. The next\
generation is slipping through our fingers. The Church cannot\
afford to settle for isolated victories\'97we must rise together with\
greater urgency, clarity, and commitment. We must do better.\
What we\'92re facing is more than cultural decline or institutional\
weakness. 
\b It\'92s deeper.
\b0  This is not merely about shifting trends or\
moral confusion\'97we are living in the midst of a spiritual crisis.\
\cf3 Wars and rumors of wars dominate the headlines. Floods,\
droughts, and famines strike with escalating frequency and\
intensity, leaving millions in peril. Civil unrest, terrorism,\
and the rising tide of \'93horrorism\'94\'97acts so brutal they defy\
comprehension\'97are fueling fear and destabilizing nations\
across the globe.\

\b The alarms are sounding. Can we hear them?\

\b0 The signs are everywhere, yet many remain asleep. What we\'92re\
seeing is not just political, social, or economic\'97it\'92s prophetic.\
In fact, what God revealed to me in a vision decades ago is a\
warning of what will happen if we do not wake up and turn to\
Him. That warning now feels imminent.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 The Vision That Changed Everything\

\f3\b0\fs25 In 1984, long before anyone was talking about cultural collapse\
or a coming shaking, God gave me a vision that has marked me\
ever since.\
During a time of prayer, I suddenly seemed no longer in my\
room. In the vision, I stood gazing out over a desolate landscape\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 8
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 UNSHAKABLE\

\f3\fs25 blanketed with collapsed buildings and broken structures. As far\
as the eye could see, there was vast devastation\'97heaps of rubble,\
cracked foundations, and twisted debris. The air was thick with\
an eerie silence. It reminded me of those haunting images from\
Hiroshima\'97total destruction where life once thrived.\
But it wasn\'92t just the destruction that gripped me\'97it was the\
people. They wandered among the ruins with expressions of\
utter shock and bewilderment. They had built their lives, their\
organizations, and their institutions on faulty foundations that\
couldn\'92t hold up under the shaking.\
The Lord spoke: \'93They built on sand, believing it would hold.\
They chose speed over depth, appearance over substance. Now\
the shaking reveals what was always true\'97only what is built\
on My Word will remain.\'94\
\'93When, Lord?\'94 I asked.\
\'93It has already begun,\'94 He said. \'93But the greater shaking is yet\
to come.\'94\

\f1\b\fs28 Recognizing the Divine Pattern\

\f3\b0\fs25 \cf3 Throughout Scripture, God\'92s pattern remains consistent:\
Blessing - Complacency - Rebellion - Shaking - Repentance - Restoration\
\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 9
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 THE SHAKING & THE VISION\

\f3\b\fs25 \cf3 In Judges
\b0 : For nearly 400 years, Israel repeated this pattern.\
Whenever the Lord raised up a righteous judge for them, God\
would use that judge to deliver \cf2 them\'85but\cf3  when the judge\
died, the people returned to ways even more corrupt than\
those of their ancestors (see Judges 2:18\cf2 \'96\cf3 19). Seven times\
they cycled through blessing, rebellion, oppression, crying\
out, and deliverance. Each generation forgot the lessons of\
the previous one. Israel would thrive under God\'92s blessing,\
then drift into complacency. Complacency led to compromise\
and disobedience, and rebellion toward God. Then came the\
shaking\'97enemies would oppress them, systems would fail,\
and desperation would mount. In their crisis, they would cry\
out to God in repentance, and He would restore them.\

\b In Jeremiah
\b0 : God revealed this pattern once again to an\
entire nation then facing judgment. The people of Judah, and\
particularly their leaders, repeatedly violated their covenant\
with God by worshiping other gods, acting unjustly, and\
ignoring God\'92s prophets. In this recurring cycle, God faithfully\
demonstrated His mercy even in judgment\'97always leaving a\
remnant, always providing a path back through repentance
\f4 .\
\'93Therefore, this is what the Lord says: \'91If you repent, I will restore\
you that you may serve Me\cf2 \'85\'92\'94
\f3 \cf3  (Jer. 15:19).\

\b In Israel\'92s monarchy
\b0 : From David\'92s glory to exile in Babylon\'97\
the pattern played out over centuries. Solomon\'92s wisdom gave\
way to idolatry. Revival under Hezekiah was followed by\
rebellion under Manasseh. Each generation had to choose.\

\b In the Early Church
\b0 : Even the New Testament church\
experienced these cycles. The passion of Pentecost cooled into\
the lukewarm Laodicea. Paul warned Timothy that 
\f4 \'93there will\
be terrib\cf2 le times in the last days\'94
\f3 \cf3  (2 Tim. 3:1) as people would\
have 
\f4 \'93a form of godliness but denying its power\'94
\f3  (v. 5).\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 10
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 UNSHAKABLE\

\f3\fs25 \cf3 This divine pattern reveals three truths:\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\fs25 \cf2 Before judgment comes, God gives space for mercy and\
repentance.\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\fs25 \cf3 Shaking is meant to bring awakening, not desolation.\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\fs25 \cf3 A godly remnant always emerges to rebuild on truth.\
Consider how this pattern played out before the Jesus Movement\
I witnessed:\
America in the 1950s experienced unprecedented blessing\'97\
prosperity, global influence, and church attendance at historic\
highs. But blessing bred complacency. By the early 1960s, that\
complacency had turned to rebellion. Prayer was expelled from\
classrooms in 1962.\
The sexual revolution torched traditional values. Drug\
use exploded. Then came the shaking\'97the Vietnam war\
claimed 58,000 American lives while the nation watched\
on television. President John F. Kennedy was assassinated\
in 1963. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was murdered in\
April 1968, followed by Senator Robert F. Kennedy just two\
months later. Cities burned after Dr. King\'92s death\'97Watts,\
Detroit, Newark, Washington, DC. Police clashed violently\
with protesters at the Chicago Democratic Convention.On\
campuses, students burned draft cards, flags, and Bibles while\
declaring God dead. The National Guard occupied universities.\
Everything that once seemed \cf2 unshakable\cf3  was shaken apart.\
It was in the midst of that shaking that God moved. The \'93Jesus\
People\'94 Movement wasn\'92t the shaking\'97it was heaven\'92s response\
to a generation that had been shaken back to desperation for truth.\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 11
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 THE SHAKING & THE VISION\

\f3\fs25 \cf3 The pattern is consistent\'97blessing, complacency, rebellion,\
shaking, repentance, and restoration. Yet shaking never comes\
without God first sounding the alarm. The Lord sends prophets\
not only to warn but to provide instruction on how to prepare.\
Simply knowing a tsunami is coming is not enough. Jesus spoke\
of two builders\'97one wise, one foolish. Both faced the same\
storm. Only one house stood unshaken.\
This is why the shaking is actually mercy. As Hebrews 12:27\
reveals, God shakes 
\f4 \'93so that what cannot be shaken may remain.\cf2 \'94\

\f3 \cf3 He allows the breaking to produce blessing. He permits the\
collapse of false foundations, so we\'92ll build on true ones.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 More Than Historical Cycles\

\f3\b0\fs25 God\'92s patterns of shaking aren\'92t random\'97they follow a divine\
rhythm so consistent that even secular historians have recognized\
it. In their landmark book 
\f4 The Fourth Turning
\f3 , William\
Strauss and Neil Howe documented what believers have long\
understood: history moves in cycles.\
These historians discovered that societies move through four\
distinct seasons roughly every 80\'96100 years\'97a saeculum, the\
span of a long human life:\
1. 
\b \'93The High\'94
\b0 \'97confident rebuilding after crisis, society\
united around shared purpose\
2. 
\b \'93The Awakening\'94
\b0 \'97spiritual renewal stirs, younger gene-\
rations question the established order\
3. 
\b \'93The Unraveling\'94
\b0 \'97institutions weaken, cynicism grows,\
individualism erodes unity\
4. 
\b \'93The Crisis\'94 (Fourth Turning)
\b0 \'97survival feels threatened,\
complete transformation follows\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 12
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 UNSHAKABLE\

\f3\fs25 America has experienced three previous Fourth Turnings:\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f5\b\fs25 \cf3 The American Revolution
\f3\b0  (1770s\cf2 \'96\cf3 1780s)\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f5\b\fs25 \cf3 The Civil War
\f3\b0  (1860s)\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f5\b\fs25 \cf3 The Great Depression/World War II
\f3\b0  (1929\cf2 \'96\cf3 1945)\
Each brought total transformation. Strauss and Howe predicted\
our next Fourth Turning would begin around the mid-2000s.\
They were right.\
But here\'92s what secular historians miss: behind every cultural\
shaking is a divine purpose. What they call generational patterns,\
the Bible reveals as God\'92s redemptive rhythm. Their \'93Awakening\'94\
phase often coincides with what the Church recognizes as revival.\
Their \'93Crisis\'94 pha\cf2 se \cf3 matches biblical shaking that removes what\
cannot remain.\
Most people witness only one Fourth Turning in their lifetime.\
By God\'92s providence, I\'92ve observed this pattern firsthand\'97\
from \'93The Awakening\'94 of the \'9160s and \'9170s that birthed the\
Jesus Movement, through \'93The Unraveling\'94 of institutions, to\
today\'92s emerging Fourth Turning. This rare perspective reveals\
something profound: we\'92re not merely repeating cycles but\
moving in a spiral. Each turning intensifies\cf2 ;\cf3  each crisis is more\
global. Technology has compressed time; what took decades\
now happens in years. Paul warned that 
\f4 \'93these things happened\
to them as examples and were written down as warnings for us, on\
whom the culmination of the ages has come\'94
\f3  (1 Cor. 10:11).\
\cf2 Jesus Himself described escalating birth pains in Matthew\
24\'97each wave more intense than the last, all pointing toward\
His return. We\'92re accelerating toward that culmination, when\
every shaking gives way to the eternal Kingdom that cannot be\
shaken.\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 13
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 THE SHAKING & THE VISION\

\f3\fs25 Understanding these patterns is spiritually urgent. If we\'92re in a\
Fourth Turning, crisis precedes transformation. The question is:\
Will we recognize this divine moment and position ourselves for\
God\'92s redemptive work?\

\f1\b\fs28 The Prophetic Convergence\

\f3\b0\fs25 \cf3 I recently joined prophetic leaders from thirty-two nations for a\
three-day gathering in Dallas, Texas. The voices around the table\
confirmed what I\'92ve been sensing: a greater shaking is coming to\
America and the world. These prophetic voices proclaim that the\
coming shaking will be more intense and expansive than most of\
us are expecting\'97and that out of this upheaval, a Greater Spiritual\
Awakening will arise, triggering a massive harvest more abundant\
than the Church is currently prepared to disciple.\
You and I are stepping into uncharted spiritual territory\'97an era\
unlike anything we\'92ve ever walked through in our lifetime. This\
will not be easy. The coming waves of disruption will test even\
mature believers. But our Mighty God is calling us to 
\f4 \'93Arise,\
shine, for your light has come, and the glory of the LORD rises\
upon you. See, darkness covers the earth and thick darkness is over\
the peoples, but the LORD rises upon you and His glory appears\
over you\'94
\f3  (Isa. 60:1-2).\
This is not only a corporate word\'97it is a personal summons. I\
believe the Lord is issuing a clarion call:\

\b \cf2 \'93If you have ears to hear, get ready!\'94\

\b0 \cf3 You need only to listen to the news to hear it\'97the headlines are\
crying out that we\'92re entering perilous, chaotic, and unprecedented\
times.\cf2  \cf3 The upheaval around us is more than judgment\'97it\'92s\
mercy. Like birth pangs increasing in frequency and intensity,\
these disruptions signal that something new is on the horizon.\
They are God\'92s way of awakening us to realign with His purposes.\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 14
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 UNSHAKABLE\

\f3\fs25 \'93We cry out for revival\'97but do we understand what we\'92re\
asking for?\'94\
People often ask me, \'93Some prophets say a great shaking is\
coming. Others say a massive revival is coming. Which is\
right?\'94 I say\'97both. The shaking and the outpouring are not\
opposites\'97they are partners. The shaking clears the ground.\
The outpouring fills it.\
Revival is coming, yes. But so is a tumultuous shaking. We must\
prepare for both.\
\cf3 As Hebrews 12:26\'9627\cf2  \cf3 declares: 
\f4 \'93Once more I will shake not only\
the earth but also the heavens...so that what cannot be shaken\
may remain.\'94
\f3  Through these divine disruptions, God strips\
away what is temporary so that what is eternal can take root.\
He\'92s not just calling us to be attentive, but to hear what He\'92s\
saying and obey, positioning ourselves for the restoration \cf2 He\
promises \cf3 (see 2 Chr\cf2 .\cf3  7:13\cf2 \'96\cf3 14).\
\'93When God comes, He comes in holiness. And His holiness\
shakes everything that stands in opposition to Him\'85\'94\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 The Moment of Decision\

\f3\b0\fs25 What will be your response? History reveals a powerful pattern:\
after every great national crisis (shaking) comes a window of\
opportunity for renewal and reformation. That same opportunity\
stands before us now.\
This book is not a message of doom\'97it is a call to destiny. In the\
midst of shaking, God is summoning His people to rise in His\
strength and stand unshakable. It\'92s not just about weathering\
the storm\'97it\'92s about being Spirit-led into revival and rebuilding\
new, godly foundations that will stand firm in the days to come.\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 15
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 THE SHAKING & THE VISION\

\f3\fs25 Great shaking often precedes great transformation. In such\
times, foundations are tested\'97what is built on sand will fall,\
but what is anchored to the Rock of God\'92s Word will endure.\
And from what endures, we are given a divine opportunity: to\
rebuild, to reform, and to restore according to God\'92s original\
design. How will you rebuild?\
Standing on those cliffs in 1970, I faced a choice that would\
cost me everything. I could remain a detached observer, filming\
from above, or I could set down my camera and join what God\
was doing. But for a Jewish man, embracing Jesus meant exile\
from family, community, identity itself. That choice\'97between\
comfortable distance and costly discipleship\'97confronts us all\
when Heaven breaks into our carefully controlled world.\
The shaking isn\'92t meant to destroy you\'97it\'92s meant to free you\
from everything that\'92s not eternal. It\'92s an invitation to build your\
life, your family, and community on the only foundation that\
will stand: Jesus Christ.\
This book is a wake-up call to the church. This will require\
courage, a new mind-set, and flexibility. We cannot assume that\
the way we have done things in the past will work in this new\
season.\
In the chapters ahead, we\'92ll explore how to:\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\b\fs25 \cf2 Build your life on four unshakable foundation stones\

\b0 that will stand when everything else collapses\'97the bedrock\
relationships God designed to sustain you through any storm.\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\b\fs25 \cf2 Build authentic spiritual community
\b0  that stands together\
when everything else fragments\'97covenant relationships\
that strengthen, support, and sharpen you for what\'92s ahead.\

\f1\fs24 \cf4 16
\f4 \cf0 \page 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 UNSHAKABLE\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\b\fs25 \cf2 Hear God\'92s voice with crystal clarity
\b0  when all other voices\
scream for your attention\'97learning to discern divine direc-\
tion in the midst of chaos.\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\b\fs25 \cf2 Prepare the next generations to stand unshakable
\b0 \'97\
equipping them with bold faith and spiritual authority for\
the days ahead.\

\f6\fs18 \cf5 z 
\f3\b\fs25 \cf2 Discover and step into your Kingdom assignment
\b0  for\
this historic hour\'97positioned and empowered to transform\
your sphere of influence.\
You will learn how to become unentangled with the world and\
stand strong in every storm. You will emerge knowing how to\
position yourself to be part of God\'92s redemptive work in this\
critical hour.\

\f1\b\fs28 Becoming Unshakable\'97Your Action Step\

\f3\b0\fs25 At the end of each chapter, you\'92ll find reflective questions and\
prayers to help you apply these truths. The journey to becoming\
unshakable begins with honest assessment.\
\cf3 Before you turn the page, ask yourself: What has God already\
been speaking to \cf2 me\cf3  about that \cf2 I\'92ve\cf3  been hesitant to face? What\
foundations in \cf2 my\cf3  life need strengthening? Where have \cf2 I\cf3  built\
on sand instead of rock?\
Write it down. Date it. This is your starting point.\
The shaking has begun. The vision is unfolding.\

\b The time to prepare is now.\

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 17}